[clang-tidy] new check misc-use-internal-linkage (#90830)
llvm/llvm-project: clang-tools-extra/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

  Enforces consistent style for enumerators' initialization, covering three
  styles: none, first only, or all initialized explicitly.

- New :doc:`readability-unnecessary-external-linkage
  <clang-tidy/checks/readability/unnecessary-external-linkage>` check.

>   Detects variable and function can be marked as static.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Detects variables and functions that can be marked as static
  or moved into an anonymous namespace to enforce internal linkage.
```

  Enforces consistent style for enumerators' initialization, covering three
  styles: none, first only, or all initialized explicitly.

> - New :doc:`misc-use-internal-linkage

Reviewer 2: Please keep alphabetical order (by check name) in this section.
